annyeonghaseyo this is lala and the day
i am going to show you about how to make
bibimbap BB means mixing and pop mins
right so bibimbap is a Corral mixing
rice honnestly I'm not really good at
cooking but yeah how to do my best to
cook this beeping bob hope you guys
enjoy this video and let's get started
first lens the soybean sprout and add
some sesame oil and a pinch of salt we
saved well next plants peanuts and add
some soy sauce and a pinch of salt mix
it well
moving on let's cut the visit balls
slice the carrot slice the cucumber cata
Cornelia and slice the onion family
let's marinate the beef with a chopped
garlic soy sauce sesame oil salt sugar
and pepper nissequogue and for the front
buttock balls deep fry the onion with a
pinch of salt next step fried green
onion with a pinch of salt as well and
steep fry the card in the same way and
last deep-fried cucumber in the same way
as well next Friday marinate beef until
the be disgusted liphook
then buy an egg and season it with the
pinch of salt next cut it right see you
at the link moving on mixed red pepper
paste with a chopped garlic sesame seeds
sesame oil soy sauce sugar and a little
bit of vinegar anyway you can use any of
your favorite ingredients to make this
look it up and if you are a physic
program you can substitute the beef with
mushroom next put all of the vegetables
to the top of Hopsin right
and put the beef on the sansa then at
the South Africa theme place at eight or
Center and sprinkle some sesame seeds
and you're done hello so this is my
bibimbap I know it looks not really good
but trust me it is quite that was here
so yeah thank you so much for watching
this video and I will see you in my next
video goodbye